Shinonome Ena

Kanji
東雲 絵名 (Shinonome Ena)
Hanzi
Traditional: 東雲繪名 (Dōngyún Huìmíng)
Simplified: 东云绘名 (Dōngyún Huìmíng)
Hangul
시노노메 에나 (Sinonome Ena)

25-ji, Nightcord de.


Position
Illustrator



Gender
Female
Birthday
April 30 (♉︎)
Height
158 cm (5'2")
School
Kamiyama High School Night Class (Class 3-D)
Hobbies
Drawing
Taking selfies
Social media
Egosurfing
Specialty
Researching fashion accessories
Picking out the best cooking ingredients
Favorite Food
Pancakes
Cheesecake
Least Favorite Food
Carrots
Dislikes
Getting up in the morning




"
 All I want is just to keep improving. 
"
― Shinonome Ena

Shinonome Ena (東雲 絵名) is a third-year student at Kamiyama High School who attends night classes. She is the illustrator for the online music circle 25-ji, Nightcord de., going by the alias "Enanan."
Contents


Background


Nightcord at 25:00's illustrator. Despite wrestling with her belief that she has no artistic talent and being at the receiving end of harsh criticism, Ena persists in creating art. She has a straightforward personality and was initially frustrated with Mafuyu for not expressing her true feelings to her mother. However, noticing the changes in Mafuyu since they first met, Ena has resolved to look after her dear friend.
—Profile


Ena's father is a famous artist and her inspiration for drawing. However, he believes that the path of a professional artist is full of pain and suffering, and that Ena is incapable of handling that pain. One day when Ena was in middle school, she expressed her desire to enroll at an art school, but her father told her to give up because she lacked any talent. Their relationship has been strained ever since, and she kept drawing in order to prove him wrong.[1] She also used to attend art classes hosted by Yukihira Saneatsu, a famous artist, for over 5 years, before she quit after receiving very harsh criticism from him.[2]

Despite her father and art teacher's words, she attempted to enter one of the art schools by taking its entrance exam. However during the exam, even though she tried her best to complete the assignment, she couldn't forget what the two had said to her and was unable to draw as well as she wanted, leading to her not being accepted. As a result she instead ended up attending Kamiyama's Night Classes.[3]

Ena was invited to join 25-ji, Nightcord de. by Kanade, who liked the illustrations she made based on Kanade's music. Ena is also relatively popular on social media, though she is frustrated by her selfies getting more recognition than her art.
Appearance

Ena has wide, dark brown eyes tinted with pink, that become a gradient into beige. She has short brown hair with medium-length bangs swept to the right. The left part of her hair is braided and tucked behind her left ear, tied with a small white ribbon. Her voice is sweet and airy.
Casual Outfit

Her initial outfit consists of a pink, frilly long-sleeved top and a short, frilly, black skirt with a pair of black low heels, as well as a black choker.

In her third year, she wears a green button-up with black ribbons near the cuffs and a black ribbon bowtie, tucked into a plaid, pleated, light brown skirt with a belt around the waist and two dark brown lines along the hem.

Her sleepwear consists of varying clothes, but they are always long-sleeved shirts and short pants.
Unit Outfit

In her initial unit outfit, she wears a dark gray, long-sleeved stylized school uniform which fades into different shades of gray; black lace on the hem of the dress with white frills. The cuffs of her dress are a darker shade of gray with light gray stripes. A white collar sits around her neck on the dress with an orange-and-black colored tie. A black-and-grey ribbon is tied around her dress near her chest. On her feet, she has a pair of white ruffled socks that end at her ankles and black shoes that have a t-shaped strap on the front.

In her second unit outfit, she wears a black long-sleeved dress which fades to gray down from the skirt. There is a black-and-brown ribbon bowtie below the collar, which has a ribbed look the same as the sleeve cuffs. The hem of the dress is also ribbed and decorated with gray daffodils; the same can be seen on her right sleeve. She wears dark gray laced shoes with thick black soles and gray socks.
Personality

Ena is an extremely strong-willed person who always speaks her mind. She is harshly critical of her own art, regularly feeling frustrated by setbacks from her lack of talent. Ena is also easily flustered or angered, often being teased and called a "tsundere" by Mizuki. [4] While blunt and sarcastic, she also has a caring softer side she doesn't like to admit to, especially in the case with Mafuyu. Despite her harsh act, Ena is often the first person to lend a hand when a friend is in trouble, as she never hesitates for the people that she cares about.

Her strong determination to prove herself as an artist clashes with her low self esteem and her intense craving for praise, stemming from her father's disapproval of her desire to pursue art. She has also admitted to how she hates herself for being unable to draw without recognition.[1] A part of her self-esteem comes from the comments on her selfies and art in 25-ji, Nightcord de.'s music videos.

Though still having many qualms about her art, the presence of the music group has helped Ena come to terms with herself and she eventually rejoins the same art class she quit in middle school.[2] Realizing she couldn't imagine any other future, she tells her father that she knows she has no talent, but is determined to become an artist no matter how painful the path may be, finally gaining his acceptance.[5]
Etymology

Shinonome (東雲) means "dawn".

Ena (絵名): E (絵) means "picture, drawing, painting, art" and Na (名) "name" or "distinguished, great".

Ena's username, Enanan (えななん), is an expansion of her first name. She spent a lot of time trying to come up with a good username, only to give up and settle with something related to her actual name.[6]
Game Interactions


Subpage: Relationships


Yoisaki Kanade: Fellow circle member. While online, Kanade came across her artwork one day and invited her to be their group's illustrator. Ena is grateful that Kanade saw worth in her illustrations and told her that their unit needs Ena's art, how it wouldn't be the same without her. She likes it when Kanade compliments her art, and is gentler towards her than the other unit members.

Asahina Mafuyu: Fellow circle member. Ena tends to be annoyed by Mafuyu's uncertainty, but at the same time appreciates her blunt and genuine opinions, as it helps her grow as an artist. In the unit's main story, Ena and Mafuyu have a rocky relationship as they both have what the other wants; Ena has strong passion and ambition, and is certain of the things she enjoys, while Mafuyu has great musical talent and receives much respect and praise. However, they both realize each other's struggles and end up respecting each other more as time goes on. On one visit to the Empty SEKAI, when Mizuki suggests Ena should just admit she's worried about Mafuyu, she doesn't deny it and simply tells Mizuki to knock it off.[7] In the event, Hope Will Someday Go Beyond the Morning, Ena uses her father's fame as a way to convince Mafuyu's mother to let Mafuyu stay overnight at the Shinonome household despite her annoyance in doing so.

Akiyama Mizuki: Fellow circle member. The two get along well and often hang out together as they share many of the same interests. Mizuki also enjoys teasing Ena as she tends to easily get angered or flustered, often poking fun at her for being a "tsundere." The majority of Nightcord's chat are made up of Mizuki's and Ena's banter. When Ena begins to notice Mizuki acting distant one day while the group went out on a mystery tour, she begins to feel worried about Mizuki, realizing that something is wrong. Ena cares strongly about Mizuki and wants to be able to help with whatever is troubling them, planning a picnic in an attempt to get Mizuki to open up. Later in the event, What lies behind. What lies ahead., Ena decides that she will wait as long as she needs for Mizuki to tell their secret, giving Mizuki time to open up their heart for Ena's kindness. When MEIKO asks why Ena is going so far to help Mizuki, Ena replies straightforwardly that Mizuki is her friend, and Ena wants to help them.

Hoshino Ichika: Friends following the Let's Enjoy Together! SpoJoy Park event.

Tenma Saki: First met in Relaxing Tea Time. Saki admires Ena's art and enjoys watching her videos.

Mochizuki Honami: In the event Paint What I Love ♪ Rainbow Canvas, Honami is introduced to Ena by Kanade due to an upcoming job assignment which requires her to draw despite lacking artistic skills. Ena is shocked by Honami's drawing, noting its abstract nature and impact, and comparing it to internal organs in her internal monologue. Despite having quite the scare, Ena tries her best to help Honami become more confident with her art.

Hinomori Shiho: Ena meets Shiho for the first time in the event In This Singing City when An and Shiho were at the aquarium and bumped into Ena who came out to draw. Ena recognizes Shiho as Shizuku's younger sister and has heard stories of her from an very enthusiastic Shizuku.

Hanasato Minori: Ena is introduced to Minori by Airi in the event, Scramble Fan Festival! where Ena along with the rest of Nightcord see Minori's performance. They later become closer during the Let's Enjoy Together! SpoJoy Park event.

Kiritani Haruka: The two of them compete on whose team would gain the most likes during a photo contest in the Take the Best Shot! event. Haruka tells Ena that she heard that she was good at taking selfies from Airi, but was still impressed from her photos. Because of this, Ena says that she might start to understand why Minori was such a huge fan.

Momoi Airi: Ena's best friend. They first met in middle school, when Ena stood up for Airi who was teased by their classmates for being on a variety show, leading to the two becoming close friends with each other. The two girls often share apps and photo filters with one another, and they also own matching things, such as the yellow cat cushions. Airi is one of Ena's few friends, as in the event Hope Will Someday Go Beyond the Morning, Ena's mother was surprised to see Mafuyu at their house, leading to her blurting out "Oh my...! Ena, you have friends other than Airi?!".

Hinomori Shizuku: Ena becomes friends with Shizuku during the event What's On Your Mind? Exciting Picnic!, after Airi mentioned that she wanted to introduce Ena to someone from her idol group. Both Ena and Shizuku have heard about each other previously from Airi, and Shizuku mentions wanting to meet Ena after listening to Airi's stories about her.

Shiraishi An: Akito's friend and teammate. Despite attending the same school, the two don't meet properly until Episode 2 of the What lies behind. What lies ahead. event. Despite this, An already knew about Ena through the stories she heard from Akito. Ena finds herself overwhelmed by An's friendliness when they first meet but doesn't think badly of her.

Azusawa Kohane: Akito's friend and teammate. The two of them had a competition on who would gain the most likes during a photo contest in Take the Best Shot! event. Ena admires Kohane's ability to take amazing photos, and admits that she wasn't too mad about them winning in the end. When she learns that Kohane wasn't good at taking selfies, Ena offers to teach her the basics. The two of them exchanged tips on taking photos, in which Ena is able to apply Kohane's advice to practice her composition.

Shinonome Akito: Her younger brother. While Akito attends the normal day classes at Kamiyama High School, Ena only attends the night classes. Ena often drags him outside to visit cheesecake shops, or to make him hold her bags while she is shopping. They are not very affectionate towards each other and sometimes argue, but they do care about each other deep down. When Ena had a breakdown over their father's harsh words, Akito stood up for her and asked their father to simply look at Ena's art as a father rather than from an artist's standpoint.[8] Ena was also the one who encouraged Akito to get into music after he quit soccer.[9]

Akito has said that Ena would scratch his face with her nails when she was frustrated, leaving marks on him which Toya assumed were from a cat. In Akito's Those Wild Cheers side story, Akito, who delivered Ena's "Thank You" cookies to Toya on her behalf, complained about Ena doing something nice for Toya despite never doing anything for him, who is like an errand boy for her. Ena misinterprets this as Akito wanting to be treated to something from the festival and treats his entire team to okonomiyaki.

Aoyagi Toya: Akito's partner. Ena refers to him as Akito's partner rather than his name (Aibou-kun) because of this. Ena is also one of the few people which Toya calls by the first name, as he refers to her as "Ena-san" likely because she's the sister of someone he is close to. He occasionally gives Akito the plushies he wins from arcades to pass on to Ena as he plays claw machines mostly for fun rather than the prizes. Ena keeps these plushies in her room and uses them for her selfies to post on her social media account. Ena thinks Toya can be too polite at times, as he apologizes a lot and is always formal.[10]

Akito has told Ena a few things about Toya's food preferences, such as his love for cookies and dislike for squid, which Ena has taken note of. In an area conversation from Let's Enjoy Together! SpoJoy Park, Ena reveals that she was planning to give Toya cookies as a thanks for him giving advice on how to retrieve the PenPyon plushie from the crane game.[11] This interaction was followed up in Akito's Those Wild Cheers side story, where Ena asks Toya how the tea-flavored cookies were. Ena also asks Akito for a reminder about Toya's dislike for squid when she treats Vivid BAD SQUAD to okonomiyaki.

Otori Emu: Emu and Ena meet in Paint What I Love ♪ Rainbow Canvas, where Ena visits Emu's house to help Emu and Honami their upcoming job experience assignment where they are required to draw. Upon reaching Emu's house she is shocked by the large gates and fence and compares it to a museum, as she finds out that Emu is the daughter of the Otori group.

Kusanagi Nene: Ena meets Nene during the event, What's On Your Mind? Exciting Picnic! when Ena and Airi fell down a slope in the rain and couldn't get back up. Mizuki rushes to find help, running into Rui and Nene who assists in helping Ena and Airi back up.

Kamishiro Rui: Mizuki's friend from middle school. Ena meets Rui during the event, What's On Your Mind? Exciting Picnic! when Ena and Airi fell down a slope in the rain and couldn't get back up. Mizuki rushes to find help, running into Rui and Nene who assists in helping Ena and Airi back up.

Shinonome Shinei: Ena's father. The two's relationship became strained after he outright told Ena in middle school that she did not have the talent to become an artist. However, it was later specified that he was in fact looking out for Ena, due to being worried Ena would not be able to handle the pain and suffering of not being recognized, but phrased his words too harshly. Their relationship has seen some improvement since then, as Ena was able to understand the reasoning behind his words, but is still a long way from how it used to be.

Before their fallout in middle school, Ena admired her father and was proud to be the daughter of a famous artist, her dream to surpass him one day. When the Shinonome family visited a campground during Ena and Akito's childhood, Ena once pushed her father into the river for leaving her mom, Akito and herself to play while he painted the scenery by himself.[12]

In the event Hope Will Someday Go Beyond the Morning, Ena uses her father's fame as a way to convince Mafuyu's mother to let Mafuyu stay overnight at the Shinonome household despite her reluctance in doing so.

In the event Knowing the Unseen, after taking up Yukihira's offer to attend her father's solo exhibition as an extracurricular activity, despite the fact it was her father's exhibition, Ena notices that all her father's art has a depressing feeling to it, like he was in pain whilst painting. Ena expresses this to Yukihira, but states that she felt his painting of a peony was different, as it felt like he was almost painting "salvation". Yukihira tells her that her father's career originally suffered badly, as no matter how hard he worked no one was able to understand or acknowledge his art, even considering quitting being an artist after Ena's birth.

Unsure whether to really believe it, Ena decides she should talk to her father. Upon doing so, he confirms that he did in fact feel like quitting, however the reason behind it was that to him, he had never actually achieved anything as a human being. Ena's birth was like a light in the darkness that was his life, and as he held her in his arms, he knew that he needed to protect her, deciding to paint his last painting. After completing the painting however, he realized that he could never truly give up painting, as he could never live a life without art.[13] Ena is surprised by this, realizing just how much the two have in common, and says to him that she understands now. She tells him that even though she knows she has no talent, she still wants to become an artist, as she too could never stay away from art, and no matter how painful it is she will never give up. He father realizes that her mind is fully made up and she is truly determined, and smiles gently at her in acceptance, telling her she can do what she likes.

Hatsune Miku: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

Kagamine Rin: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend. It is implied that Ena's feelings first brought Rin to Empty SEKAI.[14]

Kagamine Len: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

Megurine Luka: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

MEIKO: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

KAITO: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.
