
Yoisaki Kanade



Survival Masters
Fussy Eaters
Elf Peace
Position
Composer
Profile

    Brand New World
    Release

Gender
Female
Birthday
February 10 (♒︎)
Height
154 cm (5'1")
School
Online High School (Third Year)
Hobbies
Finding new music to listen to
Movies
Manga
Anime
Art
Specialty
An innate ability to accurately track time
Favorite Food
Instant noodles
Canned food
Least Favorite Food
Coriander, natto, and other smelly foods
Dislikes
Direct sunlight
Housework
Farida
Portrayals


"
 What I can do right now... is to keep composing songs. 
"
― Yoisaki Kanade

Yoisaki Kanade (宵崎 奏) is a third-year student taking online classes. She is the leader and composer of the online music circle 25-ji, Nightcord de., going by the alias "K".
Contents

    1 Background
    2 Appearance
        2.1 Casual Outfit
        2.2 Unit Outfit
    3 Personality
    4 Etymology
    5 Game Interactions
    6 Relationships
        6.1 Kizuna Rank
    7 Songs
    8 Trivia
    9 References
    10 Navigation

Background

This section may contain spoilers from the story, please read at your own risk!
Nightcord at 25:00's composer. Kanade was delighted as her songs started to evoke more and more emotion from Mafuyu, but this happiness was cut short when Mafuyu's mother asked Kanade to stay away from her daughter. Finding this woman's behavior disconcerting, Kanade refused and chose to stick by Mafuyu's side.
—Profile


When Kanade was young, her mother fell ill and passed away. Her father was a musician who made a living off of commissions. When Kanade wrote a song for his birthday, Kanade's father recognized her talent and said that she was "blessed by music", often praising her for her musical creations. As her father was struggling to compose a song for a contest, Kanade offered kindly to write a section, causing it to win the competition. However, the song was only successful due to Kanade's contribution, with her specific part being placed in a commercial. Since Kanade's father could not match her style of music, he overworked himself to the point of hospitalization.

Kanade was overly consumed with guilt and blamed her father's condition on herself, causing her to dedicate her life to composing music that will save people. After years of being a solo producer[1], she formed the group 25-ji, Nightcord de. by recruiting Mafuyu, then Ena and Mizuki.

Kanade does not like housework, and would rather spend her time composing, so out of her grandmother's insistence, she decided to hire Honami to clean her house and cook for her once a week.

She does most of her classes online, but sometimes goes to the school in-person to attend certain events such as the school's opening ceremony.[2]
Appearance

Kanade has blue eyes and very long, blueish-white hair with a hint of silver. Her bangs are tucked to both sides, save for a long section in the middle that almost reaches down to her nose, and her face is framed by a fairly long strand of hair on either side. Her voice is soft and calm, and she is generally inexpressive.
Casual Outfit

In her second year, her casual outfit consists of a dark blue track jacket with white stripes, worn partially unzipped. She wears a black shirt underneath and has short lighter blue shorts.

In her third year, she simply completely unzips the track jacket, revealing a purple shirt.

Sometimes when she goes outside, she wears a pair of white ankle socks, and dark blue and white sneakers.
Unit Outfit

Her unit outfit is a long, puffy jacket with a gradient that starts at white and fades to an ashy dark grey. The hood is tied at the middle with a black and red ribbon. In Kanade's 3D model, the sleeves are long enough to completely cover her hands. In the official image for her unit outfit, she holds a bulky black-and-pink wireless headset. On her feet, she wears dark gray socks and black ballerina flats.

In her second unit outfit, she wears a black and grey dress like hoodie. The zip has a black and red ribbon attached to it. The lower half of the dress is decorated by poinsettias, along with a completely black trim on both the bottom of the dress and the bottom of the sleeves. She doesn't wear her gray socks anymore but still wearing her ballerina flats which now has a burgundy ornament on top.
Personality

Though asocial, Kanade is extremely kind and caring to those close to her. She often puts the needs of others before herself, overworking herself for the sake of her music. Kanade's entire life is dedicated to composing, often putting off sleep, eating, and going outside to focus on writing music.
Etymology

Yoisaki (宵崎): Yoi (宵) means "night", and Saki (崎) means "peninsula".

Kanade (奏) means "to play music".

Kanade's username, K, comes from the initial of her first name as written in English. 

Relationships

Subpage: Relationships

Asahina Mafuyu: Fellow circle member, friend and roommate as of Farewell, My Mask. During the Main Story, after Mafuyu had listened to Kanade's song, it wasn't enough to save her, but it left a strong enough impact on her that it manifested into the Sekai. Seeing this, after some things had transpired, Kanade declared that no matter how long it takes, she'll keep composing until it's enough to save Mafuyu. Though initially, Kanade's reasoning for wanting to save Mafuyu was driven merely by self-interest. More specifically, she saw composing songs that'd someday save somebody as a form of penance[3] and something to live for after her father had been pushed into a coma[4]. Because of this, Kanade believes that her problems are small compared to Mafuyu's, often forgetting to eat and rest because she's focused on composing a song to save Mafuyu.[5]

In Carnation Recollection, after Kanade's music continues to not have an impact on Mafuyu, Kanade goes to Luka for a hint, who had just recently arrived in the Sekai. Luka asked her, "What is it that you want people to see or realize by hearing this?", which got her thinking. Pondering Luka's words, Kanade started to think about her goal and what she wanted for Mafuyu, and initially, her thinking was that she just didn't want Mafuyu to disappear. She wanted Mafuyu to stay so that she didn't get hurt. Realizing that it was just a personal desire, Kanade rethought about what she wanted Mafuyu to realize when listening to her music, and thinking about how her father used to always make people smile through his music, Kanade eventually arrived on the conclusion that she wanted Mafuyu to genuinely smile. At the end of Carnation Recollection, Kanade's song managed to make Mafuyu smile, just as intended.

During Mirage Of Light, Mafuyu ends up catching a cold, and later, she ends up almost passing out on a park bench after overworking herself. After coincidentally passing by the park after visiting her father and witnessing this, Kanade took her to her house and took care of her. As Kanade is about to go get ice water for Mafuyu, Mafuyu asks her not to leave, and to not leave her alone. Just as Mafuyu's mother once did for her when she was a child, Kanade ends up holding Mafuyu's hand until she falls asleep, saying that she won't let her be all alone. Holding hands becomes a reoccurring thing for the two of them, as they once again hold hands in Guiding a Lost Child to What Lies Beyond.

In Immiscible Discord, after Mafuyu's activity with Nightcord gets limited due to her mother finding out about their music group, her mom contacts Kanade, asking her to tell Mafuyu to quit pursuing music in favor of studying for entrance exams. Kanade responds by telling her that she's in no position to tell Mafuyu to stop working with them if she wants to continue to, and later, she ends up meeting up with Mafuyu's mom in person. At first, Kanade's convinced that Mafuyu's mom is a nice person who's doing what she's doing out of a place of concern, but Kanade quickly realizes that even though she's Mafuyu's mother, she doesn't care about Mafuyu's actual feelings at all. At the end of their discussion, Kanade declares that, no matter what Mafuyu's mom may say, she refuses to ever leave Mafuyu's side.

After Mafuyu breaks down crying while telling her mom how she truly feels in Farewell, My Mask, she runs away to Kanade's house, and the two have been living together since.

Shinonome Ena: Fellow circle member. Kanade feels she hides her true feelings as she draws, but at the same time values her artistic skills and has said their circle wouldn't be the same without Ena's art.

Akiyama Mizuki: Fellow circle member. Kanade appreciates Mizuki's talents and friendly personality. Kanade is also grateful for them helping her remember something important, that being the childhood memory of playing in the park and seeing the carnation flowerbed with her parents.[6]

Hoshino Ichika: They once saw each other in passing at the music store, and both thought to themselves that the other has very pretty hair.[7] The two meet again in the same music store in The Warmth of Intersecting Melodies. They interact more in the event Let's Enjoy Together! SpoJoy Park. Kanade also helps Ichika compose music in Echo My Melody.

Tenma Saki: In the Show your shine event, the two ended up having tea together and became better friends.

Mochizuki Honami: Honami works part-time as a housekeeper for Kanade. They have a friendly relationship, and Kanade often asks Honami for advice. Honami also introduces Kanade to Ichika in The Warmth of Intersecting Melodies.

Hanasato Minori: Kanade's friend. Kanade first saw Minori performing in Scramble Fan Festival! and thought of her as a dazzling person. The two then later met properly for the first time in Let's Enjoy Together! SpoJoy Park, with Minori mistaking Kanade for being the same age as her due to Kanade's younger appearance. Minori greatly admires Kanade's dedication to making a song that can save people and relates to Kanade's feelings of exhaust after pushing herself. As a result, Minori wants Kanade to smile because of how much she works for others' sake and promises to give Kanade her support so she can move forward. Kanade is also inspired by how Minori has used everything she's experienced to learn how to "give people hope for a better tomorrow".

Shiraishi An: A member of Vivid BAD SQUAD and Kanade's acquaintance. The two briefly met in chapter 2 of What lies behind. What lies ahead. after An spotted Mizuki with the members of Nightcord after leaving an event.

Shinonome Akito: Ena's younger brother. In Ena's Distant Summer Festival second side story, Kanade takes an interest in how Akito is after hearing the story of how he was bitten by a dog from Ena and says she wants to properly introduce herself to him.

Aoyagi Toya: Kanade meets Toya during the Play That Beautiful Sound! event. While encouraging a boy to not give up on trying to produce a sound, Kanade and Toya talk about their past experiences of their struggles in music. The two exchange greetings again during the Whither This Path of Thorns event.

Tenma Tsukasa: Kanade met Tsukasa briefly when bumping into him on the street in Singing Among the Cherry Blossoms, and has appeared in multiple Virtual Lives alongside him. Her only impression of him is that he is loud.[8]

Kanade was introduced to Tsukasa along with the rest of Wonderlands x Showtime in At This Festival Bathed in Twilight. She remarked that Tsukasa's loudness felt familiar to her. She followed this claim up with stating her enjoyment towards the troupe's show that she and the other members of Nightcord had seen in back in What Lies Beyond Guiding a Lost Child.

In Happy New Year! Lion Dance Robot's New Year's Show!, Kanade and the rest of Nightcord caught Wonderlands x Showtime's show in the shopping mall. Kanade thought to herself about the play during its duration, much being about how the thought of travelling the world and making people smile sounded difficult yet fun. She then remarked to Ena about how beautiful the piece for the background music was up until NeneRobo malfunctioned and the music stopped. As Tsukasa attempted to improvise by asking the crowd for a musician, Kanade wished to bring the crowd back together somehow, which led her to rush towards a piano in the mall to continue playing the cut-off song, using her composing abilities to improvise a song on the spot to further develop the scene. Once the show ended, Tsukasa expressed his gratitude towards Kanade and the two formally introduced themselves.

Hatsune Miku: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

Kagamine Rin: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

Kagamine Len: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

Megurine Luka: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

MEIKO: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

KAITO: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend. 
