Asahina Mafuyu is female
Member of 25-ji, Nightcord de.
English
Asahina Mafuyu
 
Position
Lyricist


    Brand New World
    Release

Gender
Female
Birthday
January 27 (♒︎)
Height
162 cm (5'4")
School
Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy (Class 3-B)
Committee
Class Representative
Club
Archery
Hobbies
Aquarium
Specialty
Speaking English
Favorite Food
Mom's home cooking
Least Favorite Food
Not Sure
Dislikes
Not Sure
Wisteria
Portrayals


"
 I... can't understand anything anymore... 
"
― Asahina Mafuyu

Asahina Mafuyu (朝比奈 まふゆ) is a third-year student at Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy. She is the lyricist of the online music circle 25-ji, Nightcord de. going by the alias "Yuki".
Contents


Background

This section may contain spoilers from the story, please read at your own risk!
Nightcord at 25:00's lyricist. Mafuyu lost her sense of self amid pressure to be the "good, kind girl" her mother expected her to be, but found refuge within music and Nightcord at 25:00. Faced with the threat of her only safe space being taken away, she has run away from home and sought Kanade's help.
—Profile


Mafuyu is an honor student and is the only one in her circle who regularly attends school during the day. She earns good grades and is the representative of her class. She is said to excel in both academics and sports; hence, people often set high standards for her to excel in everything, which she does without fail. However, in reality she is heavily burdened and pressured by the expectations placed on her.

In middle school, she aspired to be a nurse,[1] however, her parents pressured her to be a doctor instead. Conforming to what others expected of her caused Mafuyu to lose her sense of identity, having difficulty expressing true emotion or deciding what she likes. Some time after joining 25-ji, Nightcord de. as their lyricist, Mafuyu began to compose songs by herself under the pseudonym OWN, becoming known for her cold, dark music.

At school, Mafuyu is a member of the archery club with Hinomori Shizuku. She joined the club because somebody asked her to.[2]
Appearance

Mafuyu has dark purple hair with eyes that fade from dark purple to sky blue in a gradient. Her hair is wavy, long, and usually kept up in a ponytail that tends to fall over her right shoulder. Her ponytail may not be considered messy, but her hair does not seem to be combed. Her bangs are fairly long with the middle section falling just a bit past her eyes. She has an ahoge that swoops to the right above her bangs, and her face is framed by short, slightly curled strands on each side. Mafuyu's ponytail is held in an orange hair tie.
Casual Outfit

In her second year, her casual outfit consists of a light blue sweater with a grey-and-white striped shirt underneath, and beige bell-bottoms.

In her third year, her casual outfit consists of a cream sweater worn open, revealing a black shirt half-tucked into a pair of brown pants with a thin red belt. Her ponytail tie appears more ruffled.

In her sleepwear, she wears a gray long-sleeved pajamas set.
Unit Outfit

In her unit outfit, she wears a dark grey stylized school uniform, with long sleeves that fade to black and are tipped with grey frills. Her shirt collar is black, outlined in light grey, and her butterfly ribbon consists of two ribbons, one black and one blue, tied at the middle. Her choker is black, with a gold charm. The skirt is long and grey, with two stripes of black near the bottom, and it is covered by two semi-transparent pieces of fabric. The skirt grows longer at the back of the outfit. Her black shoes are heeled, as shown in her 3D model.

In her second unit outfit, she wears a gray long-sleeved dress fading into darker shades of gray. A white-and-purple ribbon is tied across her collarbones and the skirt opens on the right to reveal an underskirt which is pleated on the side. The top skirt has a jagged hem decorated by maple leaves; the same can be seen on her right sleeve. She wears tall, heeled, black boots over long, ribbed, gray socks. Her ponytail is tied with a black ribbon.
Personality


Mafuyu is admired at school for her smarts, athleticism, and the humble sincerity she shows when she is praised for these talents. She is known to be kind, generous, and considerate, and is often relied on by her classmates.

However, to herself and the other members of her unit, she is dispassionate, largely lacking in emotion and empathy. She speaks in few words, and is often honest to the point of cruelty. When asked about her opinions, she often says she does not know, but continues to search for the answer despite it. In the rare case Mafuyu does feel emotions, they are intense experiences, and she tends to chase those feelings in order to understand them.

Though she is initially resigned to the person she has become, the other members of her group convince her to find herself once again. Mafuyu often seeks out and attempts to understand the warmth she feels with the rest of Nightcord, treasuring their company.[3] She feels extremely uncomfortable with the coldness she feels at home or with her mother, to the point of running away from home and living with Kanade to avoid it.[4]
Etymology

Asahina (朝比奈): Asa (朝) means "morning", Hi (比) means "comparison, equal", and Na (奈) means "what".

Mafuyu (まふゆ) means "midwinter". However, it is spelt with hiragana in-game, instead of kanji (真冬), leaving it without meaning. Her parents chose this name for her so they would never "forget the emotions and her warmth felt on the day of her birth," as Mafuyu was born on a very cold winter day.[5]

Mafuyu's username, Yuki (雪), literally translates to "snow". She chose the username because she saw snow when trying to choose one,[6] though it also connects thematically to her given name.
Game Interactions

A list of characters Mafuyu interacts with in the game.

Kanade (icon)Ena (icon)Mizuki (icon)Miku 25 (icon)Rin 25 (icon)MEIKO 25 (icon)Luka 25 (icon)Len 25 (icon)Kaito 25 (icon)Ichika (icon)Saki (icon)Honami (icon)Shiho (icon)Minori (icon)Haruka (icon)Airi (icon)Shizuku (icon)Kohane (icon)An (icon)Akito (icon)Toya (icon)Tsukasa (icon)Emu (icon)Nene (icon)Rui (icon)
Relationships

Subpage: Relationships

Yoisaki Kanade: Fellow circle member. Mafuyu is amazed that Kanade was able to create a song that made Mafuyu smile, encouraging Kanade to keep trying to make Mafuyu feel something. Kanade truly cares about Mafuyu and is working desperately to create a song that will save her.

Shinonome Ena: Fellow circle member. Mafuyu is very blunt when stating her opinions of Ena's art, which often sets off Ena's temper. Although they initially had a rocky relationship, the two come to understand each others' struggles and start respecting each other more as time goes on. It is also thanks to Mafuyu's words in Insatiable Pale Color that Ena snapped out of her slump, returned to the real world and kept on drawing. In Ena's Birthday Card, Mafuyu tells her she appreciates Ena saying things straight out rather than sugarcoating her words.

Akiyama Mizuki: Fellow circle member. Mafuyu thinks they're overly obsessed with cuteness, while Mizuki thinks that what Mafuyu is going through feels personal to them due to both dealing with issues regarding their identities. Mizuki also feels a bit envious seeing Mafuyu doing her best to try find herself and not giving up, while Mizuki is intent on not telling their secret to anyone. Although their relationship seemed distant early on, they end up becoming closer and Mizuki even ends up giving Mafuyu useful advice on how to cope with her situation.

Hoshino Ichika: An underclassman. Ichika idolizes and cares for Mafuyu and wishes to interact with her more. She talked with her in The Warmth of Intersecting Melodies and gifted her Miku cookies during Mafuyu's birthday.

Mochizuki Honami: Honami was vaguely told about Mafuyu's position during Imprisoned Marionette, though the two did not properly interact until The Warmth of Intersecting Melodies. Sometime after Farewell, My Mask, Honami found out Mafuyu was living in Kanade's home by accident, and as such, Honami is the only character outside of Nightcord to know of the real Mafuyu.

Hinomori Shizuku: Fellow archery club member. The two get along well. Although Mafuyu keeps her "good girl" facade around Shizuku, she also treats the latter like a normal person. Shizuku and Mafuyu have many similarities, and at one point, Shizuku had almost forgotten herself. Having this in common causes them to get along so well, even if they don't openly talk about it.[7] She also accepted the birthday gift Shizuku gave to her.

In Raise Your Bow in a Snow-White World, a flashback shows how Mafuyu taught Shizuku how to compose her mind and hit the target when the latter was at her limit. Noticing Mafuyu's saddened expression, Shizuku says she wants to become her strength just like Mafuyu was to her back then. Mafuyu thanks Shizuku for worrying about her, but insists she is fine. Despite this, Shizuku wants Mafuyu to remember her as someone who cherishes her and wants to be her strength.

Shinonome Akito: A member of Vivid BAD SQUAD and Ena's younger brother. They first officially met in Ena's Distant Summer Festival. Akito thanks Mafuyu for taking care of Ena and asks her to do so from now on, employing his usual facade of politeness, with Mafuyu doing the same in return. In Ena's second side story, Mafuyu points out how different Akito is from Ena, much to Ena's annoyance due to her awareness of his true personality.

The two briefly interact again in At This Festival Bathed in Twilight after Akito leaves an injured Rui in Mafuyu's hands in the absence of a medic. In chapter 8 of the event story, Mafuyu watches him perform with the rest of Vivid BAD SQUAD and says that his powerful singing voice made her ears hurt.

They also receive an Area Conversation that was unlockable from the event where Mafuyu catches Akito going on a routine run. He once again thanks her for taking care of Ena in the same polite tone, and Mafuyu tells him good luck and that she'll be rooting for him to keep up with his teammates.

Aoyagi Toya: A member of Vivid BAD SQUAD. In a side story, Mafuyu compliments Toya's singing after watching a BAD DOGS performance, saying that his tone is pure.

Otori Emu: An underclassman she was paired with for the 3-legged race during the sports festival. Emu recognizes that her smiles are not genuine and is scared of her, though Mafuyu doesn't seem to realize this or understand why. Mafuyu later admits that she was intrigued by Emu because her scared reactions towards her were "new" and "different".[8]

Kamishiro Rui: The two properly met for the first time in the At This Festival Bathed in Twilight event, where she helps Rui out in the first-aid tent after he injures himself. During their conversation, Rui manages to deduce that Mafuyu actually doesn't want to be a doctor but rather has other dreams.

Hatsune Miku: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend. Having formed from Mafuyu's feelings, she understands Mafuyu's struggles and pain and always did her best to comfort her or watch her compose songs when Mafuyu would come to Empty SEKAI to vent or wanted to be all alone.

Kagamine Rin: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

Kagamine Len: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend. Mafuyu was initially dismissive of him, but appears to warm up to him after their interactions in What Lies Beyond Guiding a Lost Child. In her In The Warmth Of Glowing Dusk side story, she allows Miku and Len to sleep with her in Empty SEKAI, describing their presence as "warm."

Megurine Luka: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

MEIKO: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

KAITO: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend. Mafuyu seemed troubled when KAITO told her that she isn't willing to properly rebel against her mother and convey what she's truly feeling, with her denying that her mother is trying to completely stifle her.[9] However, in Farewell, My Mask, Mafuyu takes and remembers KAITO's advice to not fall for her mother's crocodile tears while Mafuyu is confronting her.

Mafuyu's Mother: Mafuyu's mother. Although she is afraid of her, at the same time she admits that she loves her mother which is why she was terrified of confronting her, especially due to the different ways she had pressured Mafuyu ever since she was young. At the same time, it was thanks to the way her mother took care of her when she got sick as a child[10] that made her dream of becoming a nurse, but ironically, her mother is also the person who pushed her to not do that. 
