
Akiyama Mizuki

Kanji
暁山 瑞希 (Akiyama Mizuki)
Hanzi
Traditional: 曉山瑞希 (Xiǎoshān Ruìxī)
Simplified:晓山瑞希 (Xiǎoshān Ruìxī)
Hangul
아키야마 미즈키 (Akiyama Mijeuki)
Appellations
Unit

25-ji, Nightcord de.


Gender
Unknown
Birthday
August 27
Height
165cm (5'5")
School
Kamiyama High School (2-B)
Hobbies
Making Videos
Collages
Specialty
Redesigning clothes
Favorite Food
Curry rice
French fries
Least Favorite Food
Mushrooms
Dislikes
Foods that are too hot

Thistle
Portrayals


 I'm still me, but is that ok? 
"
― Akiyama Mizuki

Akiyama Mizuki (暁山 瑞希) is a second year student at Kamiyama High School. They are the animator of the online music circle 25-ji, Nightcord de., going by the alias "Amia".
Contents


Background

Nightcord at 25:00's video editor. Mizuki wanted to do something about the worsening relationship between Mafuyu and her mother, but felt unable to offer anything knowing that they are running away from their problems. However, Mizuki realized that there are things that can be gained by running away, and told Mafuyu that doing so is always an option.
—Profile


Mizuki is an animator and video maker who uploads music videos online. They were captivated by Kanade's music upon listening to it, and made a music video for the song. Kanade invited Mizuki to 25-ji, Nightcord de. after seeing this video.

Mizuki has an older sister, Yuuki, who is a fashion designer living overseas, and inspired Mizuki's love of fashion.

Mizuki has been treated as an outcast for their fashion style and honest personality since elementary school. Wearing the cute clothes Yuuki had picked out and made for them, Mizuki received compliments but also judgement from their peers. Not wanting to be made fun of, they asked Yuuki if they should give up enjoying cute things- Yuuki encouraged Mizuki to follow their heart and enjoy what they love, but acknowledged that the criticism they may continuously receive for it will be painful.[2]

Mizuki expresses frustration for the contempt they have received, not understanding why others feel compelled to judge them for it. Their irregular school attendance is implied to be Mizuki trying to avoid negative attention from their classmates. During junior high, they spent much of their time on the rooftop and met Rui, one of their only friends before becoming part of Nightcord.[3]

As a first year, Mizuki was classmates with An in class 1-A. As a second year, Mizuki is classmates with Toya in class 2-B.
Appearance

Mizuki has light pink eyes with a pink eyelash. Their hair is also light pink, and is slightly curled and worn in a side ponytail tied with a ribbon. Two even strands of hair are let loose, framing their face.
Casual outfit

Their initial casual outfit consists of a knee-length blue-gray pleated skirt with two frills on each side and suspender straps, leading to a loose, off-white, button-up, peasant top. Their hair is held up with a black bow, and uses a similar-looking ribbon as a bow tie, with the brand "CubeRouge" written along one of the strands in gold.

In their second year, their casual outfit is a gray blouse with white trims at their collar, sleeves and buttons. They wear a pair of long pink pants that reveal a darker pink lace pattern through the middle of each leg, as well as pink suspenders. Below the waistband is a slightly ruffled design that holds Mizuki's belt, which is pale dull pink and has a silver circular buckle. In their hair, Mizuki wears a pastel and maroon bow with a heart charm.
Unit outfit

Their initial unit outfit, they wear a black sailor uniform. The collar of their uniform is light gray with a black-and-pink ribbon. They wear a gray striped skirt, ruffled with frills and lace on the hem of the skirt. The outer layer of the skirt is held at the left side with a ribbon, exposing the inner layers of the skirt. They wear thigh-high black socks, as well as strappy black heeled shoes.

In their second year, their unit oufit has a gray blouse with black lace trim at their sleeves, and two bows, brown and gray, at their collar. On top of the blouse is a black dress that transitions to gray with prints of gray daisies, as white ruffles decorate the hem. They wear a black band with a black belt and silver hearts buckle over their waist. Mizuki also wears gray stockings, black boots, and a black ribbon with their ponytail.
Personality



Mizuki is a moody person, and Kanade thinks they only act on their own principles. They have a strong desire to express themselves freely, and can become frustrated and upset when ridiculed. They have an obsession with cute things, expressing it through their hand-altered fashion.

Despite their energetic, carefree, and sometimes childish demeanor, Mizuki is often shown to be the most mature member of their circle, as Ena admits.[4] They often assume the role of mediator in arguments, breaking things up between Mafuyu and Ena.

Mizuki is great at understanding the emotions of others, and is able to sense changes in tension and atmosphere in the group. Despite this, Mizuki tends to keep their distance, keeping their true feelings and secrets hidden from even their close friends. They have a strong recognition of the struggles their fellow members face, yet fear that they won't be accepted if they're too open about themself. It seems that they stay secretive, to an extent, from an understanding that everyone has things they want to keep hidden.
Etymology

Akiyama (暁山): Aki (暁) means "dawn, sunrise", and Yama (山) means "mountain".

Mizuki (瑞希): Mizu (瑞) means "congratulations", while Ki (希) means "hope". It is a unisex name.

Mizuki's username, Amia, comes from the villain of a magical girl anime Mizuki likes, named Mia.[5]


Subpage: Relationships


Yoisaki Kanade: Fellow circle member. Mizuki is grateful towards Kanade for accepting them as they are. Although Mizuki initially considered not meddling in Kanade's matters, they eventually help her out in her quest to find the flowerbed from her memories. During their search, Mizuki ends up admitting that Kanade's songs helped them when they were going through a rough patch. Later on, Mizuki thinks to themselves how Kanade is an incredible person because of how caring she is, and how her songs are the reason why Mizuki was able to keep going.[6]

Asahina Mafuyu: Fellow circle member. Mafuyu thinks they're overly obsessed with cuteness, while Mizuki thinks that what Mafuyu is going through feels personal to them due to both dealing with issues regarding their identities.[7] Mizuki also feels a bit envious seeing Mafuyu doing her best to try find herself and not giving up, while Mizuki is intent on not telling their secret to anyone.[8] Eventually, Mizuki manages to give Mafuyu advice that helps her stand up against her mother.[9]

Shinonome Ena: Fellow circle member. Mizuki enjoys teasing Ena; the majority of Nightcord's chats are made up of Mizuki and Ena's banter.[10] When Ena notices Mizuki acting more distantly while enjoying a mystery tour, Ena plans a picnic in attempt to help Mizuki open up. By the What lies behind. What lies ahead. event story, Ena reaffirms to Mizuki that she's willing to wait for Mizuki to tell her what's on their mind, even if it meant she would have to wait forever. Mizuki is grateful for her support, though they feel guilty for not being able to tell her their secret.

Tenma Saki: Friends since Bustling Cafe ●REC! They work together to make orders in the cafe. They share the same kind of energy as well as praise for others such as Airi and the need for perfection on little parts.

Hinomori Shiho: Friends who met in Beside Unchanging Warmth. Mizuki recognizes her due to Shizuku always talking about Shiho, and bond over finding clothes for Shizuku. Shiho admires their knowledge of fashion.

Hanasato Minori: Mizuki first met Minori following her performance in the Fan Festival, becoming a fan and promising Minori to tune in to all of MORE MORE JUMP's streams. The two would work together in Bustling Cafe ●REC! alongside Saki and the rest of the group.

Momoi Airi: Mizuki and Airi became friends during the What's On Your Mind? Exciting Picnic! event. While participating in one of the events in the highlands, Airi voices out her gratitude for Mizuki becoming friends with Ena, and encourages them to talk to Ena whenever something is bothering them.[11]

Hinomori Shizuku: Mizuki knew of Shizuku as an idol, but met through Ena during the What's On Your Mind? Exciting Picnic! event story. With Airi, they bond over makeup and fashion.[12][13] The two are also sewing buddies, often going to handicraft stores and making things together.[14]

Azusawa Kohane: Mizuki briefly met Kohane at the Kamiyama School Festival before they ran off, not wanting to interrupt Kohane and An's time together.

Shiraishi An: Good friends. The two enjoy talking about fashion, and Mizuki often teases An with horror stories. An seems acutely aware of Mizuki's struggles, inviting them to the Kamiyama School Festival, knowing Mizuki wouldn't stand out among everyone wearing costumes, and sensing Mizuki's discomfort, talks about their grades and attendance when Ena asks what they are like at school[15] - Mizuki is grateful for their consideration.[16] The two were also classmates in their first year in Class 1-A.

Shinonome Akito: Knowing him firstly as Ena's little brother, Mizuki calls him "li'l bro" (弟くん), to his embarrassment. The two met during the Kamiyama School Festival.

Aoyagi Toya: Mizuki met Toya during the Kamiyama School Festival. Mizuki, Toya and Akito all go together to watch Tsukasa perform; Toya is happy to see Mizuki enjoy the performance.

Tenma Tsukasa: Mizuki first saw Tsukasa in his class' play "Romeo and Juliet: Battle Royal" during the Kamiyama School Festival. They found Tsukasa's play hilarious, but admire his dedication and passion to performing.[17]

Kusanagi Nene: Another old friend. The two became acquainted through Rui's intervention to help them both.[citation needed]

Kamishiro Rui: "An old friend".[18] The two bonded over being outcasts in middle school, hanging out on the roof together. Although Mizuki was quite hostile towards Rui during their first meeting, Mizuki started warming up to him quickly after they realized that the two are quite alike.[19] After Rui graduated, Mizuki was left all alone and they realized how painful it feels to be actually lonely.[20] Mizuki is happy to see that Rui's made friends since then. Mizuki was the one who created Rui and Nene's stage outfits,[21] after they ran into Rui working on Robo-Nene and found it totally uncute.[22]

Hatsune Miku: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

Kagamine Rin: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend. Mizuki enjoys teasing Rin and likes giving her all kinds of accessories and trying them out on her, much to Rin's chagrin.

Kagamine Len: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

Megurine Luka: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

MEIKO: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend. Despite MEIKO keeping her distance, Mizuki believes she understands how they feel more than their fellow group members.[23]

KAITO: VIRTUAL SINGER and friend.

Akiyama Yuuki: Mizuki's older sister. Mizuki is very close to their sister, who has encouraged them to do many things, such as dressing in whatever they want and not letting others impact their choices, as well as joining 25-ji, Nightcord de.[24] 
